maintain its own away from him dude
gotcha
it's fun to be scared sometimes huh it's
bad it's just a dog it's pretty violent
I understand that some of youth
behaviors would be upsetting but I urge
you to find a place where he feels safe
I think it would be good for him good
for all of us
oh my goodness like it ah almost birth
of a nice dude
[Music]
and looks like he was broken before and
put back together who's this handsome
chap
Brahms how'd you come up with that he
tells me all sorts of things
okay I just think it's all a little bit
creepy is this your new friend Brahms
what are some of the things you talk
about the other families he's lensless
[Music]
gonna take the doll away from him yes
just a whisper first something is
happening to him you your boy would find
him louia mommy I love you
[Music]
[Applause]
you